examples: Update NI-Digital, NI-DMM, NI-Fgen, NI-Switch, NI-Scope, NI-VISA and Output voltage readme to describe the .env simulation process (#494)
ni/measurementlink-python: examples/nivisa_dmm_measurement/README.md

> **Note:**
>
> This example uses the custom instrument driver `_visa_dmm.py` to perform the
> device-specific commands and queries.

### Required Hardware

> By default, this example does not require hardware; it uses PyVISA-sim to

Reviewer: This is not true anymore. I'll fix it.

- NI Instrument Simulator v2.0
- HP/Agilent/Keysight 34401A DMM

By default, this example uses a physical instrument or a simulated device created in NI MAX. To automatically create a simulated device when running the measurement or TestStand sequence, follow the steps below:
- Create a `.env` file in the measurement service's directory or one of its parent directories (such as the root of your Git repository or `C:\ProgramData\National Instruments\MeasurementLink\Services` for statically registered measurement services).

> - Add the following options to the `.env` file to enable simulation via the driver's option string:

Reviewer: The `visa_dmm` instrument driver doesn't have an option string. Also, there is only one option.

```suggestion
- Add the following option to the `.env` file to enable simulation via the driver's `simulate` parameter:
```
